make you wrong now
It will be painful for the ead call the
foil soldier
I also play a card that 's it
for the first na that was fast
something should better into a plan
cool calculator
i call hydrogen in attack mode
comes blogger says the doc
and now little Chechnya soldiers
on
destroy him with gargoyle Tacke
nice that you have just the special
skill of Chechnya soldier
activates it causes its life
and be harmed at the same height
like my dear others donate over
water gone but rather
I also activate a special one
ability is it will be if it is hydrogen
a monster destroyed in battle is
I'm allowed another hydrogen out
will draw my lecturer
but that means I can not help you
Direct attack on I start guessing
then beat to print Thursday
that will atone for me I activate
my ticket cutters and offered
even here i can be a monster of
call my graveyard and the monster
that I call is beautiful in Sicily
should
and next I activate the
magic map distance is eighth
summon she allows it because
some monsters from our deck
our leaf or cemetery in the
to call attack mode as long as that
time itself that already on the
have field
it makes no sense how many
title and still have not enough
starting points around these again completely
strike
there is something else behind me
activate the equipment server card
anyway, yes, that with this
card equipped monster receives 800
other points for each monster with
same name
Well, that leaves behind his attack points
jumps up
before you're here, the computational artist
they attack together
should
no, a little more than that now
half of his life points lost like that
but you can see the currently strong show though
Unfortunately, they do not charge much
like and tai chi tournament should the country
with the star attack
I forgot to explain it again
if a soldier is destroyed then
meets the same damage wants better
Hot flight as you do
I'm not finished as estimates
not mature to my hydro money
another of your soldiers
pitch had the hurt I meet
nevertheless you loose why one circle best
because again and again it's a pity that must
I myself is very nice plays
Very clever Chechen soldier has with
the equipment magic card 3600
attack points best is one
incredibly strong monster phone numbers
to destroy
unless
All right , because you do that
other Chechnya and diminishes the
attack points of the big
You say it is the best thing
That's why he wants life points
submit
our decision is one
hidden cards so that's it for now
Now you can experience something more smart
I have soldier in front of Italy and all
Did I hold in my hand the
troupe infernale 1
dalai lama
rather a pocket calculator out there if
No form is around which can take its course
you are here to prevent it from happening
probably clear that against the shipper in
brace has no chance mainly because
his attack points for every monster
that increases the field two months
become
The thing now has 3400 attack points
that means no matter what monster
being attacked can change pack
us now in his all internal circle
on with a fire storm
on
I love my ticket
if I have three or more monsters on the
field neutralizes this phase
Attack of my opponent and finish the
fight but still nice try chats
and see that a train is all that
has made you then I will not do
finished
I'm afraid it 's been next to the next
At first I did not understand
the magic power h2o connection
i hope two hydro metals and all
Oxygen and troop the monster wander
Dragon
and as the number of my monster
on the field have reduced him to the
different points of an internal in flamatt
back there does not matter the
Attack points of my monster are always
still higher than that of your you
should rather recalculate
I have everything in advance already
from the beginning on that's not there
so everything can be planned incredibly
what about his trump yes she is only
that it's the special skill that
water kite when he is on the
Spielfeld is then go the
attack points of fire and thyrow
Monsters automatically reset to zero
now water dragon group ag
which played but unfortunately not good enough
his class is just a good card
pulled and stumbled up to it
that's all if you mean but that
Lucky for those who are preparing
and I was prepared for that
also hit with another way